Added the version 2.9.3 changelog (#2016)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/release-notes/index.md

* Introduce fixed schedules for background jobs and the ability to check job errors.
* Use `alter_data_node()` to change the data node configuration. This function introduces the option to configure the availability of the data node.

## 2.9.3 (2023-02-06)

> This release contains a security fix(#5259) and multiple bug fixes since the 2.9.2 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains bug fixes since the 2.9.2 release and a fix for a security vulnerability (#5259). You can check the [security advisory](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/security/advisories/GHSA-44jh-j22r-33wq) for more information on the vulnerability and the platforms that are affected.

```

This release is high priority for upgrade. We strongly recommend that you upgrade as soon as possible.

> **Bugfixes**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Bug fixes**
```
